Luna, a blue star, orbits the black hole Ixis. When Ixis eclipses Luna, only a fraction of its light diffracts around the black hole, causing an alternate, lightless set of seasons on the human homeworld: Kvis. During the peak of the dark seasons, a small beam of Luna diffracts around Ixis. This tiny moonlight cycles over Kvis’ surface is it rotates.
	It’s for this reason that the star was misnamed for a moon, since the first colonists arrived on Kvis during the dark spring; just when light had faded Arctic. Their ship malfunctioned on atmospheric entry, causing the navigational systems, along with the associated star charts, to vanish in a heap of fried chips. No one knows where the original homeworld was.
I flip over my wrist, palm up on the counter. I’m checking my watch. To common folk it’s on backwards, but normal doesn’t make it easy to check the time and fire a rifle in unison. A thin hand glides around the watch head, incrementing a mileage counter every 3600 cycles. Every iteration of the hand means that an internal beam has circled about 299,792 kilometers: a light second. Since the speed of light is supposed to be constant, the expensive tool doesn’t need to be calibrated. 
The inner groove that the light travels through is made with 4D components. The interior space is bent to make it more susceptible to time distortions than the space around it. As such, the speed of the internal beam will change before the speed of the surrounding light. There’s a slider on the side that can make the watch audibly tick every cycle, allowing the user to easily pick up on time dilation. It’s supposed to be just a fancy stopwatch, but it’s invaluable for trips to Ixis.
I reset the watch this morning. There’s no day or night in space, just the amount of time a person has gone without sleep, food, or anything else. I’ve been awake for roughly sixteen hours, so that means it’s getting late. It’s important to keep a consistent schedule.
I blink, rubbing my eyes.
As seen through the dome, glass ceiling of The Pianist’s Lounge dome, the Ixis station is unusually close to the black hole it orbits. Luna’s brilliant sunlight is distorting from Ixis’ strong gravity. Without the advent of modern thrusters, it wouldn’t be possible to be sitting here, sipping liquor. 
The lounge reflects in the window very slightly, but the classy space is dim enough for there to be no glare. Behind me is a woman in a black, lace dress. She’s sitting alone at a table. Every so often she glances over her shoulder, quizzically sizing me up. Is a mercenary that likes watching the stars really so odd?
